Isn't it just an invitation to a mentally retarded person?
I'll take care of it. Director Lin,
What are you saying to me?
This prisoner specializes. Besides telling lies, what else would you do?
How do you, a ugly criminal, get an invitation to dinner?
What a mouthful you have? But you still have a bad memory when you come to Zhao's house.
Since you are such a discriminating customer,
Then do you dare to bet anything against me?
Just bet. Can I get an invitation to a mentally disabled person?
Can the Chen family be free from the dragon's memory?
If I develop my own character
From then on, the close relationship disappeared in Shenxiyuan
I didn't risk my life to get medical treatment
Just give me a secret in front of everyone
Who knows that those who hate money still have ten skills?
He's dead
Mr. Ding, are you crazy?
Do you know this kind of closed-door solitary life?